[Music]
well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again take them all up see if everybody
can catch up and get in here
hopefully it's transmitting don't know
this far out if it's actually gonna work
looks like people are showing up okay so
welcome to our staycation bonfire really
don't have much to talk about tonight
but had a number of people say that they
were a little bored for conversation so
here we have a little campfire for you
and everybody can kind of hang out and
well watch the fire kind of like the old
days I guess Thank You Tricia you
brought whiskey nice so how is the
DeFede coming through I'm actually
surprised this is working this far away
from the house alright now here in a
little bit I'll drop my headset I'll
take it off and let y'all just catch the
ambient noise y'all can hear the fire
crackle and all of that stuff
don't see any steaks grilling now
probably not tonight but there's
something calming about a fire at least
a campfire anyway the beard is back now
just a goatee
I trimmed everything else this is
directed by Michael Bay now
not enough explosions yet but the
night's still young and I am Florida man
so we'll see Thank You Brandon
[Music]
so there anything in particular you guys
want to talk about tonight what did I
think of the president tonight if you
talked about the one earlier the same
thing I always did I didn't watch
anything past 5:00 p.m. though so I've
kind of gave it up so I just I don't see
the point in looking there for
leadership when we know it's not coming
there comes comes a certain point where
you just have to cut your losses a big
trouble finding mass in Michigan maybe
at army navy stores they may have some
sell at this point you're gonna have to
look in in like places you wouldn't
normally think of
[Music]
Thank You Bryan
Wow it's a goatee the beards actually
gone this is just what we'll still still
underneath the mask what is the best
material to make a mask I don't actually
know I've been looking into it I've seen
everything from vacuum bags to car
filters to HEPA filters the idea at this
point is that you're trying to put
something between you and the stuff
that's flying around out there I mean in
all honesty my guess would be multiple
layers of different fabrics would be
best but we don't know how that's going
to work thank you eat the rich that
there's no real hard data on any of this
so it's all guesswork
[Music]
r-13 through three filters and I missed
it I'm gonna have to reposition here so
I can actually get on the other side be
closer to it hang out one second yeah
there's a lot of conflicting information
out there it's because there's a lot of
there's a lot of studies and a lot of
research happening at the same time the
problem is the study sometimes conflict
and it's not that really that one is
proving another wrong it's that there's
a whole bunch of new information that we
don't have before so trying to sift
through it all is a lot thank you /
siren Perth I'm sorry if I'm not set up
Thank You Evan had a deprogram family
member about kovat I guess that would
depend on what what they fell for as far
as the five G thing I think the the fact
that it exists in 200 countries and 5g
only exists in 50 is a good one thank
you Michael
[Music]
Thank You Cirrus Thank You D Raven Thank
You Supercat me see I've been dealing
with conspiracy theorists including
event 201 and Q so as far as 201 those
kind of games and that's what they are
they're games they constantly they're
played constantly and they often use
coronavirus as one of the one of the
reasons for it
are one of the scenarios Thank You D one
two three
I'm sure I'm missing some of these now
so I don't see anything to very us about
201 myself Thank You bunny now as far as
Q that's a whole different animal
you have very vague breadcrumbs I think
is what they call them that can be
interpreted to mean anything and they
will interpret them to mean whatever
they want so I'm not sure how you're
going to get through that it's basically
somebody cold reading the entire
Internet if you have that many minds
looking to make sense of it eventually a
pattern will emerge it's what our mind
does we try to find patterns and stuff
like that being blinded by smoke here
[Music]
you shouldn't want a mask Thank You
Chuck question thank you Michael
yeah okay so that's the cute one and
that's that's gonna keep going on
there's so many people that have bought
into it now you you really do have a
legitimate cult following and they will
they'll continue to reinforce each other
so it's gonna be hard to break free from
that oh we're doing fine thank you jack
thank you Lisa
Thank You Calvin family I think is what
that says facts still matter well you'd
like to think so I don't know how much
how many more you know where we're going
to get the truth of that is probably
somewhere in the middle it's it's China
I'm sure that they did not tell the
whole truth as far as the severity at
the same time it's the United States so
they're gonna up play any discrepancy
they can to make themselves look better
at the end of the day them trying the US
government trying to get to China in his
level and say oh well you know they were
just as bad as we were well maybe but
they were taken completely by surprise
we weren't so
oh no I wasn't gonna shave it all the
way unless I absolutely have to the last
time I shaved completely was for a
domestic violence event when I was in
drag so that's been seven or eight years
ago Thank You Evan see here to spend a
minute on the importance of community
during this pandemic had a six house
social distance beer that's awesome yeah
depending I mean
community is always important and
working locally to achieve something and
try to build a network at that level
it's always good to be more effective
than something from outside of the area
but at the end of the day there's also
the aspect of smaller events that can
occur you know somebody just somebody
being broke if the community strong
enough they can take care of it you know
some unforeseen circumstance or on the
flip side if this goes really really bad
those community networks are going to be
incredibly important so the idea of
using this time to build community when
you're really not supposed to be near
anybody it works you don't have to be
you know it doesn't have to be a
barbeque to get to know your neighbors
it could be done through a Facebook
group or whatever the idea is just
making sure that your neighbors know
you're there for them if they need it
and they're there for you you know
building that camaraderie based on
geography
there's no potatoes in the grocery store
on the skipper of the carrier a captain
is god of his boat her boat if they
decide they want to put in port they can
I think that the Secretary of the Navy
is way way just wrong they're making
making a mistake this is gonna set a
really bad example and it's going to I
would suggest that it's gonna stop
commanders from taking initiative in the
future which when you're talking about
the Navy there they're out there and
communications take time and sometimes
that initiative is needed I think this
is sending a horrible example the
captain really hadn't been fired it's
more a matter of being relieved or
reassigned until the probe is finished I
have I have to operate under the
assumption that the entire Navy has will
not lost its mind and that the probe
will find that he did the right thing
Thank You Jamie
hang on one second I'm gonna get some
more wood
you
okay I'm back and of course the smoke is
going right back to where we're at I'll
hang on a second I'm gonna try to move
this a little bit and get out of the way
Thank You Arash look for your message on
Instagram and have to come up with a
better system for this before we do this
again
look at that alright yeah I'm using a
laptop out here but I've actually just
kind of figured this out Thank You
Stacey V parathyroid yeah it tends to I
was hoping that was just a myth but it
certainly did seem to be followed bit
but I've pulled out my phone so I'm
reading it on my phone and answering
over the laptop and hopefully I can stay
a little bit further back from the smoke
this way fire TV
pretty sure this is attracted yeah you
know when I go to the comments section
of other pages I have come to really
appreciate you guys I survived if
America went to full nationwide
quarantine probably six months I'm
assuming that means that without leaving
ok so then here's a good question the
national stockpile it used to be called
the pharmaceutical stockpile and it was
just medicine eventually other stuff got
added into it and it became the national
stockpile it is for use during national
emergencies that's the whole point of it
it is to be distributed to the states
that's been its mission since it was
founded and it has been updated
repeatedly Bush Bush jr. he got a
briefing about pandemics and realized
exactly how dangerous they were so he
went he went out of his way and went all
out the training that I got back in oh
seven was because of a program he
started and it was very well stocked at
the time and it slowly dwindled and with
budget cuts it just never got replaced
and nobody seemed to really think it was
that important to keep up obviously it
is thank you roaming gnome
see do I think gun sales will go up uh
yeah yeah there's a you know it's the
United States doesn't matter what the
problem is a gun is the answer you know
thank you Mike
Trump makes Bush jr. look smart yeah
Bush jr. was smart enough to know that
he didn't know anything wit or know
everything maybe I was Freudian he was
smart enough to understand that there
were a lot of people out there that were
experts in their field and that he
should listen to them I mean that's
really what it boiled down to at times
that played to his advantage at times he
got taken advantage of I'm certain that
domestic violence has gone up right now
I mean it that's that is a problem in
good times when you were talking about
being confined and there being economic
stress and an outside stressor I am
certain that it is a huge issue
thank you I sit down anywhere to go to
do that there are schools there are
there are teachers who teach survival
skills the the problem is as soon as
this is over
every rich family in America is going to
hire one and they can make a lot of
money doing stuff like that there's even
even in normal times
that skill set is required because
corporations like to use it as like a
training exercise and to build
camaraderie and all of that I look
around and find some that will do
hands-on training somewhat inexpensively
thank you Brian Shores
thank you roaming gnome Thank You KL
Smith so grateful we still have running
water and electricity for how long as
long as the trucks are running as long
as you still see 18 wheelers then your
water and your electrical state aren't
if the truck stop then you have to
really worry but you know I said this
before we have plans for this I would
hope that they wouldn't be enacted I'm
not going to make the mistake of
assuming they will be again but that's
that's really what you need to - take a
look - keep an eye out for is if you
don't see semi trucks anymore than we
are in a world of hurt my opinion on the
medicine the Trump wants the public to
use yeah it's there are not enough
studies to suggest that it it's even a
treatment much less a cure as he keeps
advertising it
I've seen better results there's some
anti I think it's parasites that did
really well but again it's way too early
to know if any of that is actually gonna
pan out so I do think that what he is
doing is irresponsible by touting it as
secure and by saying that it is when
it's basically maybe it'll work and
maybe it will maybe he'll turn out it'll
turn out to be he was right about that
thing but it doesn't seem likely so far
stellar your view on preparation for the
next pandemic I would strongly suggest
it I think that the average individual
should be trying to prepare themselves
and being and being ready for it because
this is not actually a huge one in the
grand scheme of things as bad as this is
and as bad as it's gonna be it could be
a lot worse this is not a doomsday when
the fact that it got this far out of
hand is mismanagement not that it was a
superbug so I would definitely as soon
as this one is over I would go ahead and
stock up on what you what you learned
from this one you learned you needed
certain things make sure you have it any
of the stuff that is imperishable get it
thank you to Edward Adams how much do
you think that for-profit health care is
an inherently an issue for-profit health
care alone is not the issue the issue is
it being it's a lot like the contracting
industry there was a time when if you
were going to run a contracting company
and by contractor right now talk about
military contractors if you were gonna
run a contracting company you would have
been one before and then eventually it
gets taken over by MBAs and people that
don't any know anything about being in
the field there is a person on YouTube z
dog I think is yeah c-dawg c-dawg is the
person's name and he's been talking
about health care 2.0 and basically it's
a remedy to that it's putting clinicians
is the term that he uses back in charge
of hospitals rather than people that
have never seen a patient that within
our current system seems like the best
thing that I've heard now if you want to
go off into
you know the ideal no it wouldn't be a
for-profit industry there would that
there wouldn't be many for-profit
industries but we're not in the ideal so
I will I I will throw my weight behind
what he is uh advocating there cuz it
made sense to me thank you Richard
dirty cam alert oh yeah I'm sure that
this entire laptop is going to be toast
by the time I've dealt with it
Thank You Alexandra
Trump said just try it what do you have
to lose well apparently if you're a
diabetic a lot because it hasn't been
hasn't been having good reactions with
them giggle night sadly you people are
my friends
Wow nice I don't know to be honest they
cute Lisa Googler
Trump is asking people to go out and
vote vote is not wise and they're
responsible
he said voting by mail
yeah of course going out and voting is
irresponsible but we need to reopen the
economy tomorrow right I think that I
think the Republican Party is very aware
that a lot of the people that would vote
against them can't necessarily get that
day off and if they made it easier to
vote they would have more people vote
against them just out of the ease of
doing it no marshmallows
today I learned my neighbor is a top guy
in a 3% motorcycle club my plant seeds
I've got to ask if you three percenter
meaning the patriot movement or is this
a typo and one percenter
if it's one percenter just leave don't
just just leave Milad if it is three
percenters speak their language focus on
the Bill of Rights because when they
talk about the Constitution
most of them that's all they know so
focus on that and ask whether or not
they believe the current government
current administration is is abiding by
that even remotely Thank You random
nobody fastest you're waging war against
the people and the Twitter world people
are acting like this is about the ratio
yeah I could say a whole lot about that
and in private
[Laughter]
Oh guys I've seen comments about
one-percenter that that's not the the
economic thing one-percenters there was
back a long time ago though some cop
said something like 99% of motorcyclists
are good people but that 1% is out
causing problems a lot of people that I
would not mess with took that as a badge
of honor and one-percenter became a kind
of a symbol of a motorcycle club you do
not want to mess with thank you captain
lieutenant yeah Michael Keys has got a
good let's go in there of of some 1% of
clubs
let's see Rob do you think Trump will
try to cancel the November election
because of this I don't think so I think
that there might be a I think I may be
something that's entertained or that he
may float to say but I think the
backlash from that would be substantial
I think it would be more than he'd be
willing to more than he and the
Republican Party would be willing to
bear
thank you James immerman this fire I
really don't think so
if this is some form of bio weapon it is
a horrible way it is it's not well
engineered it as devastating as it is it
isn't it isn't anything that we've seen
before when it comes to stuff like this
and it's it's persistent its
transmissible there's a whole bunch of
parts of it that just aren't our typical
so I I have trouble from the beginning I
don't know why a weapon like this would
be a would be engineered because this is
the outcome like it doesn't it wouldn't
be useful on a battlefield you release
it and then your people get hit too so I
don't I don't see that as likely yeah
and Beach a gold has it here if the
election is canceled it is that doesn't
mean the Trump stays president it goes
to it goes down the chain of succession
which it wouldn't actually be Pelosi
because her term would be up to it
somebody went through and actually did
it and went and ran down the whole list
I want to say it turns out to be Leahy a
Democrat from like up in the Northeast
ends up being president it's not the
election gets canceled and Trump gets to
stay South Paul Jenks wrong handed all
day thank you I wonder who's profiting
from all this not many people three m3m
some biotech companies but that's about
it everybody else is losing my
everyone Patrick Callahan engineers for
financial destruction yeah but it's
everybody's finances it's you know this
isn't limited just to the US everybody's
taking a hit
it doesn't unless the the theory is that
it was under development when it got
leaked out I mean then maybe because
they hadn't finished and this is just
you know an unfinished work that got out
but nobody would design something like
this because it doesn't it actually
doesn't injure enough people and all it
does is just disrupt everybody it
doesn't provide anybody with a leg up
okay
you know I gotta be honest I had need to
I need to start using my phone when I'm
doing Lee's live streams all the time
this is so much easier engineered by big
mass to sell more masks yeah I mean
there aren't there aren't a whole lot of
people make it out on this one
maybe the companies that make MREs cots
stuff like that thank you conversations
from the fringe tuning in from Western
Canada and snow today yeah that no I
don't want any of that right now I'm not
a fan of not a fan of snow of ice of
anything like that I prefer it down here
where to watch 5g come on I can't tell
if you're messing with me or not Thank
You Pierre Darren you underestimate the
stupidity of humans ice maybe
where's here here is Florida no I'm up
in the Panhandle I am I'm up in the pan
hell I'm not down near South Florida
it's you know when you're talking to
people from outside of Florida they're
like you know you tell them you're from
Florida and they're like how are you
near Miami and a bike now that's like 12
hours away it doesn't look that big
until you drive it if this goes on any
longer Trump will trump cut another set
of stimulus checks he had to cut the
first ones first the I don't know I
think they're gonna have to do multiple
anyway as it is I don't think that what
they've done is going to be enough to
stave off the worst effects and I think
they will realize very very quickly that
it was not enough and that they're gonna
need to do more but we'll see because
they they really don't seem interested
in doing any form of trickle up stimulus
which is in my opinion what needs to
happen but
you never did the whiskey video no I
said when we come out of this I will pop
open that bottle of whiskey we're gonna
have to get through it first
let's see it's gonna be at least six
months before we can even start small
parts of the economy I don't think it's
gonna be that long but we'll see because
again I was expecting I was expecting a
very different response initially when
let's see Thank You Strider when Trump
loses will he have a peaceful transition
of power I would hope so
I really would I don't foresee Trump
becoming violent and I don't think that
there's I think he has a very vocal um
supporters but they're they're not a lot
of them and I vocal people don't always
really impress me so thank you Michael
visa how should we handle cops enforcing
these stay at home orders when they
aren't enforceable I'm gonna direct you
to your lawyer on because this is one of
those weird moments where I'm like you
should be staying at home but I also
understand what you're saying the worry
is allowing allowing law enforcement to
get away with something that they really
can't do I don't know
I mean I would imagine that your lawyer
will tell you that you're right they
really don't have the authority to do X
but they can certainly charge you with
something else you know and there is
always that thing of you can't arrest me
for that yeah they can arrest you for
pretty much anything they just may not
be able to convict you for it and right
now I would not want to be in a county
jail at the moment I just realized what
people are talking about now that that's
my mic when I move it away from my face
making America coast ran for nobody
thank you
can't wait to hog all of my brothers and
sisters yeah I really can't wait to get
just just to get out again you know and
I'm kind of a homebody so I would
imagine there are a lot of people that
are straight losing their minds right
now
thank you sterile stellar nautical beer
money please accept what do you think
about the DoD hiding infection rates
yeah I mean that that would not surprise
me at all and it's not anything
necessarily nefarious from a readiness
standpoint you do not want an opposition
military to know that one of your
carriers is sick so you're not gonna
tell anybody I get it from that
standpoint but this isn't the flu you
know and there comes a point where the
illness will overwhelm the ship's
medical infrastructure the same way
would a state or anything else could you
address conspiracy theories Bill Gates
okay so that's one that actually bothers
me and let me just start off by saying
yes billionaires shouldn't exist okay
but at the same time if we're gonna pick
on one right now could we not pick on
the one that has devoted years to
warning about this exact scenario I
don't think that's fair
he has put a lot of his own money in
into this I want to say it's a billion
dollars a year to eradicate disease and
then I don't remember what he just
pledged for kovat specifically there are
a lot of people to target I wouldn't
blame him like he's actively been trying
to stop this this this conspiracy theory
a lot of it comes from the idea that
vaccines are bad
therefore Gates pushes vaccines
therefore he wants to depopulate the
world therefore he magically made this
happen and then there's the event to a
one thing with those types of training
exercises happen all the time they're
they're constant
they are constant they don't like I said
I've been to one I was at one in oh
seven now granted mine wasn't staffed
with all of those cool people that were
this one but same type of thing thank
you Michael Giza 12.5 times of total can
we talk about banjo surveillance I don't
know what that is but I would love to
talk about
we've got to slow down I'm going to take
my headset off real quick get something
to drink
I will be right back thank you random
nobody I think that would burn is very
satisfying it is I